v1.2 made edits for 1.2 release (#130)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/prepare-to-install-service-mesh.adoc

** Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
** Amazon EKS
** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
** Red Hat OpenShift

> * Kubernetes (versions 1.12, through 1.19) or Red Hat OpenShift (version 4.x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes (versions 1.12 through 1.19) or Red Hat OpenShift (version 4.x)
```
```suggestion
* Kubernetes (versions 1.12, through 1.19) or Red Hat OpenShift (version 4.x)
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * <<install_Istio,Istio>> (currently supported versions include 1.7x or 1.8x)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* <<install_Istio,Istio>> (currently supported versions include 1.7.x or 1.8.x)
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[install_Istio]]
== Download, Install, and Configure Istio

> Anypoint Service Mesh supports Istio versions 1.7.x and 1.8.x. You can install any of these Istio versions in your environment within your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Service Mesh supports Istio versions 1.7.x and 1.8.x. You can install either of these Istio versions within your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster.
```
```suggestion
Anypoint Service Mesh supports Istio versions 1.7.x and 1.8.x. You can install any of these Istio versions in your environment within your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster.
```

Author: Can't figure out what the change is.

Author: Done! Thanks!

=== Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure that you download Istio using the https://istio.io/docs/setup/[Istio Documentation].

=== Install and Configure Istio

> To install and configure Istio for Anypoint Service Mesh, run the command from your terminal based on the container platform that you have installed in your environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install and configure Istio for Anypoint Service Mesh, run the command most appropriate for to the container platform that you have installed in your environment:
```
```suggestion
To install and configure Istio for Anypoint Service Mesh, run the command from your terminal based on the container platform that you have installed in your environment:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Kubernetes
+
`$ istioctl install`

> * Openshift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OpenShift
```
```suggestion
* Openshift
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
